[Autogenerated] So we've deployed the AB really easily,
thanks to the option that the AWS Toolkit added to the project's context menu.
And because we're using elastic beanstalk,
we didn't have to make a lot of difficult decisions in this case.
Some of the key decisions were making sure we chose an
instance type that's covered by the free tier.
So we chose T to Micro and also because this
application is accessing an RDS database.
We had to be sure to choose the security group for the RDS
database when we're doing the configuration.
So we've got the tiny temporary hack in place that we have to deal with,
which is getting the secrets onto AWS and making sure the
application knows where to look for them.
That's what we'll tackle in the next Majal.
I hope you're having fun,
even though I just intentionally ReNu into a tiny little wall.
Here's some relevant resource is and links that I've mentioned in this module.
I'm Julie Lierman and thanks again for watching fundamentals of building dot net applications on AWS